docs/help/Install-LibreELEC.md, before:

# Install-LibreELEC
Installs and restores LibreELEC

## Syntax
```powershell
Install-LibreELEC   -SDDevicePath <String>
                    -FilePath <String>
                    [-CustomSettings <Hashtable>]
                    [-RestoreFilePath <String>]
                    [<CommonParameters>]
```
```powershell
Install-LibreELEC   -SDDevicePath <String>
                    -USBDevicePath <String>
                    -FilePath <String>
                    [-CustomSettings <Hashtable>]
                    [-RestoreFilePath <String>]
                    [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Parameters
Parameter|Type|Required|Description
---------|----|--------|-----------
|SDDevicePath|String|True|Path to the SD device, e.g. /dev/mmcblk0.|
|FilePath|String|True|Path to the LibreELEC image file.|
|CustomSettings|Hashtable|False|Hashtable containing custom settings, these settings will be set as settings in the config.txt file.|
|RestoreFilePath|String|False|Path to the backup file.|
|USBDevicePath|String|True|Path to the USB device, e.g. /dev/sdc.|

### Example 1
```powershell
PS /> Install-LibreELEC -SD '/dev/mmcblk0' -FilePath '/home/ubuntu/Downloads/LibreELEC-RPi2.arm-7.0.2.tar'
```
This example shows how to do a typical install of LibreELEC.

### Example 2
```powershell
PS /> Install-LibreELEC -SD '/dev/mmcblk0' -USB '/dev/sdc' -FilePath '/home/ubuntu/Downloads/LibreELEC-RPi2.arm-7.0.2.tar'
```
This example shows how to do an install to USB of LibreELEC.

### Example 3
```powershell
PS /> Install-LibreELEC -SD '/dev/mmcblk0' -FilePath '/home/ubuntu/Downloads/LibreELEC-RPi2.arm-7.0.2.tar' -CustomSettings @{arm_freq=1000;core_freq=500;sdram_freq=500;over_voltage=2;gpu_mem=320}
```
This example shows how to do a typical install of LibreELEC and specifying some custom settings.

### Example 4
```powershell
PS /> Install-LibreELEC -SD '/dev/mmcblk0' -USB '/dev/sdc' -FilePath '/home/ubuntu/Downloads/LibreELEC-RPi2.arm-7.0.2.tar' -CustomSettings @{arm_freq=1000;core_freq=500;sdram_freq=500;over_voltage=2;gpu_mem=320} -RestoreFilePath '/home/ubuntu/Kodi/Backup/LibreELEC-20161210133450.tar'
```
This example shows how to do advanced install of LibreELEC, specifying some custom settings and also doing a restore from a previously taken backup using the Backup-Raspberry cmdlet.

Commit message:

Update cmdlet help to add image support changes

docs/help/Install-LibreELEC.md, after:

# Install-LibreELEC
Installs and restores LibreELEC.

## Description
This cmdlet installs and optionally restores LibreELEC for the Raspberry Pi. This cmdlet also support setting custom settings into the config.txt file. Use this cmdlet to install LibreELEC to SD or USB.
    
The cmdlet supports two of the three types of LibreELEC distribution image file formats. The first being the .tar (LibreELEC-RPi2.arm-<version>.tar) and the noobs archive format (LibreELEC-RPi2.arm-<version>-noobs.tar.

The cmdlet can do installs for all Raspberry Pi versions.

The cmdlet also supports installing to loop devices, to do this you have to prepare an empty image file before executing the cmdlet and pointing it to the image file using either the SDDeviceFilePath or the USBDeviceFilePath dynamic parameter. The SDDeviceFilePath or USBDeviceFilePath parameters are only available when either or both the SDDevicePath or USBDevicePath parameters are pointing to a loop back device, see the examples for more information about this functionality.

Note that when doing image provisioning the SDDevicePath or USBDevicePath must point to a free loop device.

## Syntax
```powershell
Install-LibreELEC   -SDDevicePath <String>
                    -FilePath <String>
                    [-CustomSettings <Hashtable>]
                    [-RestoreFilePath <String>]
                    [<CommonParameters>]
```
```powershell
Install-LibreELEC   -SDDevicePath <String>
                    -USBDevicePath <String>
                    -FilePath <String>
                    [-CustomSettings <Hashtable>]
                    [-RestoreFilePath <String>]
                    [<CommonParameters>]
```

## Parameters
Parameter|Type|Required|Description
---------|----|--------|-----------
|SDDevicePath|String|True|Path to the SD device, e.g. /dev/mmcblk0.|
|FilePath|String|True|Path to the LibreELEC image file.|
|CustomSettings|Hashtable|False|Hashtable containing custom settings, these settings will be set as settings in the config.txt file.|
|RestoreFilePath|String|False|Path to the backup file.|
|USBDevicePath|String|True|Path to the USB device, e.g. /dev/sdc.|

### Example 1
```powershell
PS /> Install-LibreELEC -SDDevicePath '/dev/mmcblk0' -FilePath '/home/ubuntu/Downloads/LibreELEC-RPi2.arm-7.0.2.tar'
```
This example shows how to do a typical install of LibreELEC.

### Example 2
```powershell
PS /> Install-LibreELEC -SDDevicePath '/dev/mmcblk0' -USBDevicePath '/dev/sdc' -FilePath '/home/ubuntu/Downloads/LibreELEC-RPi2.arm-7.0.2.tar'
```
This example shows how to do an install to USB of LibreELEC.

### Example 3
```powershell
PS /> Install-LibreELEC -SDDevicePath '/dev/mmcblk0' -FilePath '/home/ubuntu/Downloads/LibreELEC-RPi2.arm-7.0.2.tar' -CustomSettings @{arm_freq=1000;core_freq=500;sdram_freq=500;over_voltage=2;gpu_mem=320}
```
This example shows how to do a typical install of LibreELEC and specifying some custom settings.

### Example 4
```powershell
PS /> Install-LibreELEC -SDDevicePath '/dev/mmcblk0' -USBDevicePath '/dev/sdc' -FilePath '/home/ubuntu/Downloads/LibreELEC-RPi2.arm-7.0.2.tar' -CustomSettings @{arm_freq=1000;core_freq=500;sdram_freq=500;over_voltage=2;gpu_mem=320} -RestoreFilePath '/home/ubuntu/Kodi/Backup/LibreELEC-20161210133450.tar'
```
This example shows how to do advanced install of LibreELEC, specifying some custom settings and also doing a restore from a previously taken backup using the Backup-Raspberry cmdlet.

### Example 5
```powershell
PS /> Install-LibreELEC -SDDevicePath '/dev/loop0' -SDDeviceFilePath '/home/ubuntu/Images/LibreELEC-4gb-SD-20170117.img' -FilePath '/home/ubuntu/Downloads/LibreELEC-RPi2.arm-7.0.2.tar'
```
This example shows how to install LibreELEC using loopback devices.
